Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design? The client for this project was The Gaming Room they already had a game that they wanted to be updated into being eligible to be used on other platforms 
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation? What i did well in this document is explaining the benefits and cons of expanding their game such as cost and what operating system would be best to use. 
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code? The design document helped me keep all my information together in an organized fashion and helped me have a visual on things that could be changed.  
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? I feel as though the most difficult part was the end when we decided what operating system would be best to use since each system has their own pros and cons it took me time to finally decided and quite frankly if looking back again I may feel a different OP would work better now rather than what I thought in the moment.  
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? While working on this project I considered the client's needs and how they could implicate the users when expanding a game things like security and cost become major factors that affect the user so I focused on those issues while still having a user interface that was friendly to most people it's important to focus on these things to ensure the users actually enjoy the game and then the client we are working for would gain more user and more profit due to the work I put into the development.  
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application? I aproched the design software by trying to ensure that the user had a pleasant experience while using the application. I would continute to use that as my main guidance since we need the user to enjoy the product or else there would be no reason to even expand the game in the first place. 
